# Housing Real Estate
 
Implemented using Java Swing Framework.

Built an Online Real Estate Portal where First, any user which is interest in either buying or selling the house registers on the portal with the basic required details. Once he is been registered then he needs to login with the help of the credentials set by him at the time of registration So, all home seller, home buyers, renters and tenants become registered users. After login the user needs to select one of the 4 roles. For a home seller, he needs to list the houses for selling by giving all the details like house location, landmarks, price, room size and also, he needs to give the bank details of his account as the money received by the portal by the buyers needs to be transferred to the account of the corresponding seller. The same case goes with the renters, just he needs to give the monthly rent along with other details For a home buyer, he would see a list of all the houses available on the portal listed by all sellers. He can filter the houses by setting the priorities based on the landmarks, location and price. For a complete detailed information of a particular house, he needs to click the house and can view. Then he can go for the payment and by entering the account no, MICR code and the IFSC code and also the monthly debited money from the buyer’s account. So, the entered monthly amount will be auto debited every month from the buyer’s account and be transferred to our account which would be transferred to the corresponding seller. Same goes with the tenants. At the end the buyer and the seller are been given a confirmation email about the status of the transaction for the house.
